Amazon Web Services is one of the largest providers in the cloud computing industry,
with over 140 services in compute,
storage, databases, networking, developer tools, security, and more.
In this lesson, we'll learn about a few essential tools
and services in AWS and practice using them.
These services can be accessed in three different ways.
The AWS management console,
the command line interface or software development kits,
which can be used in combination.
We'll start with the AWS management console,
which is the web user interface.
The AWS CLI is a useful way to control and automate your services with code.
SDKs allow you to easily integrate services with
your applications through APIs built around specific languages and platforms.